good to all I am pose and good here you
I bring a video for the smc forum and
well this video is going to consist of a
small tutorial on how to change the
multi man song is worth now you will see
which is very simple of many people already
will know how to do it but good several people
they asked me how it was done and
encouraged to do the video then we are going to
enter the folder of good we are going to
enter a multi bad
and now you will see that the typical
song in this forever
the one that we're going to want to remove that much
scratch us here as you see is loading
and now you hear
good once we're in the multi
man let's go to file manager
once we are here
to close this we're going to go to ps3
root
of zero hd
in the lower case and without that voucher and here
we will enter the multi man folder
the s80 608 once we're here
we enter usb dir and here we will have the
soft a good point that we have to
change worth this is the file that
we will replace and we will put our
song
well once we know where it is
the file that we have to change
we will come to the pc and connect a
pendrive
here as you see I have the song that
I'm going to put a value, this is what
we will have to do is rename the aso
a point well here as you see we are going to
put what is on the console are in
capitals or a point well and as you see
if this happens to you that you still have
in an mp3 file is that simply to
I change the name of the of has not
change the format if you change the
you can now change it to pendrive
but good in case this happens to you
that stays in an mp3 file yet
what we will do is come to the team
and organize folder options and
search and we will come here to see
and here where it puts hide extensions of
file for known file types
we will remove it and we will give
accept once this is done
we will close here and as you can see, the
point 93 here at the end
then we delete the mp3 point
and now we pass to point file and we
will say that by changing the extension of the
file name the file can
be unusable we give to yes and
As you can see, it's already in a good point file
then what we are going to do is going to be
copy it let's come to our
pendrive and we will paste
this as I say can also be done
from the filet and there but good for
that is not going so we're going to do it from
here of a pendrive that will be much
easier once this is done
we will take the pendrive and connect it
to the play
there it is connected
it therefore we're here
here as you see detected call will have
this post and is the file are a
good point
we will copy it we will go back again
right from the start
I like 800 608 here it is
yield and we will stick
we give everything to you and you have already stuck it
now what we will do as you see is followed
listening to the song
we will place it to be well
it will be out of the multi man
and we 'll go back in and now you'll see that
the song is already then once
Once this is done , we will
always the song that we have put it
whenever we enter we'll have this one
we go back to the last
and now you will see that the
song that I have put
there you have it and well nothing else I hope
that you liked this tutorial that you
has served and until next time
steve there